The prospective/proposed call management system has the potential to contribute significantly to the economic situation of the beneficiary company. The company’s success hinges on its employees’ ability to interface meaningfully and appropriately with potential/existing customers in order to facilitate the purchase of holiday packages. In the current operational blueprint, this interfacing is relatively unregulated, and unoptimised, that is, relationship managers are independently responsible for the type of customers they communicate with and the nature of that communication. The proposed system, as outlined, would manage the pairing of customers and relationship managers based on both survey results and demographic profiling, a system which offers the company clear competitive advantages. As customer target lists are generated and optimally allocated, relationship managers have more time to dedicate to the actual sale which directly links to economic improvement, further, they can be confident that their technique is suited to their candidates, both of which would contribute to relationship manager satisfaction and confidence. Call centers with low employee satisfaction are more conducive for stress and then more likely to have high employee turnover rates, this is corrosive of relationship managers’ abilities to form customer connections and relationships and to develop their own skill base. From the customer’s perspective, firstly: a satisfied and confident relationship manager is less likely to communicate unnecessary or irrelevant information, further, customers want to feel like their RM understands their requirements, which would be assured through the survey and the behaviour of their assigned RM. A more structured, efficient approach to customer interfacing would reduce time, power and skill wastage, and improve customer satisfaction and therefore the likelihood customers will both complete the booking process and return in the future, both with obvious fiscal advantages. If this system implementation fails, the company will have spent time and resources training employees and enabling baseline compatibility for a system they will not reap the benefits of. This could lead to a decrease in employee satisfaction and a resultant decrease in successful customer interactions. The competitive advantages that this system offers the call management company include: increased time for productive work, increased employee and customer satisfaction and facilitate more fruitful relationships between customers and employees, and, while the company is opened up to risks as a consequence of the system’s potential failure, the advantages should outweigh the risks. Simplistically, The system has the potential to significantly improve economic output, which should be enough to convince the company to implement this system.
